Hello everyone and thank you so much for enrolling in this course.
I'm so excited to help you on your journey to becoming a data scientist.
Before we get started I just wanted to let you know the best way to get help during the course if you
ever have a question.
The first thing you should do is check the ethics you lecture and see if your questions answered there
.
If it's not Next you should go ahead and search the Q&A forums using keywords pertaining to your question
If you still can't find an answer Feel free to post the new questions to the Q&A forums with words and
context that actually allow us to understand what you're asking.
Thank you so much for enrolling in the course and I can't wait to get started.